Add blog article to announce Secret references in NodeExpandVolume (#33979)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2022-09-21-csi-nodeexpandsecret.md

configuration as part of NodeExpansion  by the CSI drivers thus make use of
the same to perform node side expansion operation with the underlying
storage system.

## What is this all about?

Before Kubernetes v1.24, you were able to define a cluster-level StorageClass
that made use of [StorageClass Secrets](https://kubernetes-csi.github.io/docs/secrets-and-credentials-storage-class.html),
but you didn't have any mechanism to specify the credentials that would be used for
operations that take place when the storage was mounted onto a node and when
the volume has to be expanded at node side.

The Kubernetes CSI already implemented a similar mechanism specific kinds of
volume resizes; namely, resizes of PersistentVolumes where the resizes take place
independently from any node referred as Controller Expansion. In that case, you
associate a PersistentVolume with a Secret that contains credentials for volume resize
actions, so that controller expansion can take place. CSI also supports a `nodeExpandVolume`
operation which CSI drivers can make use independent of Controller Expansion or along with
Controller Expansion on which, where the resize is driven from a node in your cluster where

> the volume is attached. Please refer [Volume Expansion GA blog]( VolumeExpansion GA blog https://kubernetes.io/blog/2022/05/05/volume-expansion-ga/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the volume is attached. Please read [Kubernetes 1.24: Volume Expansion Now A Stable Feature](/blog/2022/05/05/volume-expansion-ga/)
```

We could also link to https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/#csi-volume-expansion

Before Kubernetes v1.24, you were able to define a cluster-level StorageClass
that made use of [StorageClass Secrets](https://kubernetes-csi.github.io/docs/secrets-and-credentials-storage-class.html),
but you didn't have any mechanism to specify the credentials that would be used for
operations that take place when the storage was mounted onto a node and when
the volume has to be expanded at node side.

The Kubernetes CSI already implemented a similar mechanism specific kinds of
volume resizes; namely, resizes of PersistentVolumes where the resizes take place
independently from any node referred as Controller Expansion. In that case, you
associate a PersistentVolume with a Secret that contains credentials for volume resize
actions, so that controller expansion can take place. CSI also supports a `nodeExpandVolume`
operation which CSI drivers can make use independent of Controller Expansion or along with
Controller Expansion on which, where the resize is driven from a node in your cluster where
the volume is attached. Having resize (expansion) operations sometimes able to use credentials
and sometimes not meant it was difficult for people to design CSI drivers that could cover all

> resize scenarios. Please refer [Volume Expansion GA blog]( VolumeExpansion GA blog https://kubernetes.io/blog/2022/05/05/volume-expansion-ga/)

Reviewer 2: Can you please remove this sentence "Having resize (expansion) operations sometimes able to use credentials
and sometimes not meant it was difficult for people to design CSI drivers that could cover all
resize scenarios."

Author: sure, removed that @xing-yang . ptal. thanks.
